content

page 1: introduction.

quote:
A 21 year old explorer --in the market to find a ship as it were.

text:
He grew up in the city of Dubai, graduated high school
with a degree in science. Unfortunately, it was too late by then.
He had been lost to the world of science fiction created by
Gene Roddenberry and aspired "To Go Where No Man Has Gone Before".
So, he began his journey to understand the principles of engineering
at the National Institute of Technology- Surat, India. There he enlisted
in a hobby club; where he would then spend most of his undergraduate
years making robots and R/C planes. His attitude and outlook on
life often inspired young minds to go out there and do their bit.
He has worked on several interdisciplinary projects that have given
him a variety of skills. With this motivation and enthusiasm he
looks forward to discerning the secrets of our universe.




page 2: goals

text:
We are born explorers and we do all it in one way or another.
It is in that one moment; how we perceive and react to
uncharted situations that keeps us alive. I believe in working
for that moment. To simplify, if I were to bar tend I'd use automated jets
to shoot projectiles into the pitcher. The dream job would be to design and
develop rocket engines that allow us to wander off deeper into the cosmos.
I find stuff to be unnecessarily complicated and I need them to be
as simple as they are. A substitution of those things with intellectually more
challenging things would prove to be of better growth to our species.
 Therefore, my  living days usually end up with me making things simple
that ensure my lazy lifestyle. In order to do that I need to study a lot
of new concepts; usually multi-disciplinary and every single time I
find myself madly intrigued and yet humbled at the same time.
I don't find anything difficult, once I have imagined it and understood how it works
...I just make it then! All of this Yin needs a Yang. I maintain my
equilibrium by listening to music, playing the keyboard, reading manga,
watching movies/anime and by trying out new places and their mouth
watering food! I also have a keen eye for the curves in nature and try
to etch them out on a sheet of paper. However, the thing that I enjoy the most is the
reactions people give to my work and I find telling stories an effective
way to take a test drive of people's emotions. Yet, to top it all off
there's nothing more soothing than dancing in the shadows or swimming
under the moonlight.
